== ABOUT ======================================================================

inhesion is a cellular genetic programming library.

a cellular genetic programming library is a system that supports the building
and running of cellular genetic programs.  in process-based programming, you
write programs for a particular purpose, with very specific code designed to
do a very narrow series of things.  in a cellular genetic operating
environment, you don't write programs like that.  instead, you set in motion
systems whose behavior you don't fully understand.  you set in motion emergent
systems.  you define parameters of activity, rather than procedures of
activity.

building software in a cellular genetic fashion is less like programming and
more like gardening.  you eschew the illusion of total control, and you open
yourself and your software to the possibility that something unexpected will
happen.  something better than you ever could have planned.

inhesion helps you tend such gardens.

it is free, open source, and written entirely in ansi c.  its only dependency
is the standard library.  so you can use it anywhere.  to build it, just type
"make".

== HOW TO =====================================================================

to learn how to use inhesion, check out the how to repository:
https://github.com/ihx/howto.  it contains a how to program for each system in
the inhesion library.

== SUPPORT ====================================================================

support contracts are available.  contact clownfysh@gmail.com for details.

== LICENSE ====================================================================

copyright (c) 2012 inhaesio zha
all rights reserved.

redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

this software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
disclaimed.  in no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential
damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or
services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however
caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,
or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use
of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
